[COMSUP-96] Update Remix guide for Express server (#832)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/v7/sites_frameworks/getting_started/remix.md

npm run dev
```

## Configuring Your Remix App for {{ PRODUCT }} {/*configuring-your-remix-app-for*/}

> ### Update the `type` Property in `package.json` {/*update-the-type-property-in-packagejson*/}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update the type Property in package.json {/*update-the-type-property-in-packagejson*/}
```

{
  "name": "remix-app",
  "version": "0.0.0",
  "description": "A Remix app",
  "main": "index.js",
-  "type": "module",
  "scripts": {
    "dev": "remix dev",
    "build": "remix build",
    "start": "remix run"
  },
  ...
}
```

### Initialize Your Project {/*initialize-your-project*/}

In the root directory of your project run `{{ FULL_CLI_NAME }} init`:

```bash
{{ FULL_CLI_NAME }} init {{ INIT_ARG_EDGIO_VERSION }} --connector @edgio/express
```

This will automatically update your `package.json` and add all of the required {{ PRODUCT }} dependencies and files to your project. These include:

- The `{{ PACKAGE_NAME }}/core` package - Allows you to declare routes and deploy your application on {{ PRODUCT }}
- The `{{ PACKAGE_NAME }}/prefetch` package - Allows you to configure a service worker to prefetch and cache pages to improve browsing speed
- The `{{ PACKAGE_NAME }}/express` package - Allows you to run your application using the configured Express server
- `{{ CONFIG_FILE }}` - A configuration file for {{ PRODUCT }}
- `routes.js` - A default routes file that sends all requests to Remix.

### Modify Remix's Server Configuration {/*modify-remixs-server-configuration*/}

> In order for {{ PRODUCT }} to correctly bundle your app, there's a few configurations that need to be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ PRODUCT }} requires a few changes to your configuration to correctly bundle your app.
```

> #### Setup the Express Server {/*setup-the-express-server*/}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Set Up the Express Server {/*set-up-the-express-server*/}
```

> If you created a new Remix application following the steps above, you will have already selected the Express server as your deployment target. If you are using an existing Remix application, you will need to update your `server.js` file with a compatible Express server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you created a Remix application by following the above steps, you will have already selected the Express server as your deployment target. If you are using an existing Remix application, you will need to update your `server.js` file with a compatible Express server.
```

    ? createDevRequestHandler()
    : createRequestHandler({
        build,
        mode: process.env.NODE_ENV,
      })
);

const port = process.env.PORT || 3000;
app.listen(port, async () => {
  console.log(`Express server listening on port ${port}`);

  if (process.env.NODE_ENV === "development") {
    broadcastDevReady(build);
  }
});

function createDevRequestHandler() {
  const watcher = chokidar.watch(BUILD_PATH, { ignoreInitial: true });

  watcher.on("all", async () => {
    // 1. purge require cache && load updated server build
    const stat = fs.statSync(BUILD_PATH);
    build = import(BUILD_PATH + "?t=" + stat.mtimeMs);
    // 2. tell dev server that this app server is now ready
    broadcastDevReady(await build);
  });

  return async (req, res, next) => {
    try {
      //
      return createRequestHandler({
        build: await build,
        mode: "development",
      })(req, res, next);
    } catch (error) {
      next(error);
    }
  };
}
```

<Callout type="important">
  Note that the `server.js` file is using CommonJS `require` instead of ES `import`. This is required for {{ PRODUCT }} to correctly bundle your app.
</Callout>

> #### Update the `servermoduleformat` Property in  `remix.config.js` {/*update-the-servermoduleformat-property-in-remixconfigjs*/}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Update the servermoduleformat Property in  remix.config.js {/*update-the-servermoduleformat-property-in-remixconfigjs*/}
```

> Additionally, the `serverModuleFormat` property in the `remix.config.js` file should be set to `cjs`, and use the CommonJS module format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the CommonJS module format by setting the `serverModuleFormat` property in the `remix.config.js` file to `cjs`.
```
